#Task 1.1 

## Write two to three sentences on why Django is so popular among web developers.

Django is so popular for developers because it has a quick development speed and a large following. With so many people using it there is great documentation to help people starting with it as well as it can hangle projects that are medium in size to large. 

## After some research, list five large companies that use Django. Specify what the company’s product or service is and what they use Django for.

Mozilla uses Django to help handle its large amount of traffic and API hits for its popular web browser firefox. 

Spotify uses Python for their back of house processing in much of their music application. They also use Django a couple of times on their front end as well. 

Pintrest uses DJango for its friendly open source parts to help create their inviting views on peoples cretive boards. 

Instagram uses python for its practical aproach and simplicity. They prioritize efficiency, and Python and Django allows them to focus on that. 

National Geographic uses Django and Python to help with their data driven sites as it is a scientific site that deals with a lot of data. 

## For each of the following scenarios, explain if you would use Django (and why or why not):

### You need to develop a web application with multiple users.

Django would work well in this situation as it is a good option for those developing a medium to large application. 

### You need fast deployment and the ability to make changes as you proceed.

In this case I would use Django as it is very helpful in a fast development type of environment. 

### You need to build a very basic application, which doesn’t require any database access or file operations.

This would not be a good use case for Django as it does not lend itself well to small applications due to its large capabilities. 

### You want to build an application from scratch and want a lot of control over how it works.

This would be another time I would not use Django as it is very useful in getting things going but due to its constraints does not give you complete control over everything. 

### You’re about to start working on a big project and are afraid of getting stuck and needing additional support.

Using a framework like Django in this case could help expedite the design process some and could be usefull. 

